What happens when you break
academic integrity rules?
Chapter 3.
A faculty, staff or classmate can
report an academic integrity violation.
The report is submitted
to the Dean's office.
You can find the academic integrity
violation report on the graduate
engineering website under the student
affairs home page by going to contact.
And you'll see report
an academic integrity violation.
Additionally, faculty are required to
report all suspected incidents of academic
dishonesty.
Why?
Because it ensures consistency
in findings and sanctioning.
This means that if you
cheat in several classes,
we can track your violations, which can
determine the severity of our decision and
how it will impact your academic status.
So what happens when a report is made?
The Office of Graduate Student Affairs
receives the incident report from
an instructor, department staff,
TA or classmate.
A student receives an email
notification from GSA with the date and
time of the hearing.
The hearing is a meeting which gives
the student who is accused of violating
an academic integrity policy,
an opportunity to share her or
his side of the story.
Why is this important?
Because GSA gathers as much information
as possible, including information from
the student who is caught violating
an academic integrity policy so
that they can make
a better decision on what
should happen to the academic
status of the student.
A student who fails to attend the meeting
forfeits the opportunity to share her or
his perspective on what happened.
As a result, it forces GSA to make
a decision without the student's input.
Please note that missing
the e-mail notification does not
excuse a student's absence
during a disciplinary hearing.
It is the responsibility of the student
to read her or his e-mails.
During the hearing, there are two
GSA officers, usually myself and
another officer, such as Fred Sanchez,
our Assistant Director of
Graduate Student Affairs.
And we would be conducting the hearing.
And once we have collected enough
information about the incident,
our office decides on a sanction or
an outcome that would impact the student's
status, if they were found responsible.
A sanction is an outcome that affects
the student's academic record.
What are the possible sanctions?
Possible sanctions could be a warning,
which is when a letter is placed
on the students file, and
if no other incidents occur,
the letter is removed upon graduation.
This sanction is not indicated on
the transcript, and it is not reported.
Probation is a possible outcome.
Again, this is all depending
on the severity of the case.
And if it's multiple
incidences of cheating.
So, probation is when a letter is
placed in the student's file, and
it remains there permanently.
If the student gives written permission
to a person or institution to review
the file, the sanction and
the violation will be reported.
This sanction is not indicated on the
transcripts, so this is very important.
So what does this all mean.
It means that say, if you were caught and
you were found responsible for
an academic integrity violation,
and you apply to a job that
was a high-security-level job.
So that means, for example, that you
are applying to either the FBI, the CIA,
or some kind of position where not only
is there an interview process that
investigates your skills, but
there's also an interview process that
investigates your character,
your ethics, and your moral compass.
Then you would have to be,
you would have to authorize the company
to get access to your information,
or previous information that you've had at
different institutions and organizations.
And that character analysis is usually
done, because [INAUDIBLE] at the position
that you would be applying to is
a position where a lot of confidential
information and
data is being shared with you.
And so they really need
someone that can be trusted.
And so this is,
a background check would happen.
And again,
it's important to note that a background
check can only happen if you give
permission to the outside organization
to run a background check on you.
It's important also for you to remember
that if you do give that authority or
authorization, to an organization
that's running the background check,
then we are obligated to report whatever
sanction was made on your record.
So suspension is another outcome that
could impact your academic status.
Suspension is when we ask you to leave for
a period of time, and
it does reflect in your transcripts.
And so if you were to get your transcripts
printed and send it to an employer or
send it to another academic institution,
you're transcripts would be flagged
as having a disciplinary
action taken on your record.
So another outcome is dismissal.This
decision is also permanent.
We ask the student to
leave the university.
Dismissal due to academic disciplinary
issues is noted on the transcript and
in the student records.
So it's permanent.
Please note that for
the last three sanctions, if a potential
employer runs a background check and
asks our office about the academic or
behavioral issues on your record.
We are obligated to report
a disciplinary issue if there are any.
So again, it's a reminder.
This is another good
reason why you should get
in the habit of practicing
academic integrity.
Now bear in mind that a Dean's
disciplinary decision is separate from
an instructor's decision
on the student's grade.
The instructor can decide to give
the student in question an F
in the entire course or
a zero on an exam or the assignment.
A Dean's disciplinary decision has no
bearing on the instructor's decision of
the student's grade in the course,
exam or in the assignment.
FInally, our decisions are decided
on a case-by-case basis and
are dependent upon evidence
that supports the allegation.
Ways to avoid academic dishonesty.
When in doubt about policies, just ask.
It's better to ask,
then to go ahead and make assumptions.
It's never good to make assumptions
about a policy that's in your course.
Or a school policy, or
a university policy.
So it's better to ask before you go ahead.
With whatever decision you decide to make.
So when you ask, you should ask
an instructor, a TA, an advisor, or
our office.
Never ask a friend, because they
might be just as informed as you are.
And if you're desperate for help, you can
visit our office during office hours, or
email the instructor, or email the TA,
or talk either one of them.
And again, do not go to other students for
assistance.
If you're running out of time,
ask for an extension.
It can't hurt to ask.
So what happens is that a lot
of students get into trouble,
because they're running out of time.
And they decide to quickly write
an assignment or submitting homework
without going through the proper
channels or asking the right questions.
And they make mistakes and they end
up violating some academic policies.
So it's better to ask for an extension
if you're running out of time,
than just to submit work that's not
following the course policies or
the university and school policies.
The consequences of submitting incomplete
or incorrect work are much less severe
than those resulting from
incidences of academic dishonesty.
Please make sure to answer the questions
before you watch the next chapter.
Conclusion.
So let's quickly go over some of
the major key points that we covered in
the video module.
It's important to be honest in
how you gather information.
You should follow course policies.
Another important key point is to give
credit to all information you use and
that can be anything such as class notes,
textbooks, journals, websites,
any outside information that you use, any
information that's not your original idea,
you must give credit to
the source of information.
If you're not sure about an academic
policy, ask the instructor or the TA.
Academic integrity is critical to
your experience here at Columbia.
To be a member of the Columbia community,
you must adhere to the academic integrity
policies of the university and
the School of Engineering.
As a Columbia student, it is important
to not only practice academic integrity,
which is the act of being honest in your
work and following your course rules, but
is just as important to promote
academic integrity to your peers.
You represent Columbia and its values.
Your academic integrity values will
prepare you for a successful academic and
professional career.
Employers look for reliable,
dependable, trustworthy employees.
If you cannot practice integrity
in an academic setting
then you are unprepared for your future
professional and academic experiences.
Finally, if you are caught violating
an academic integrity policy you
should understand that your
violation impacts your peers.
Cheating not only negatively
impacts your credibility,
but it also effects grading scales,
research course expectations,
assignments and the overall management
of a course or a research project.
This concludes part one of
the academic integrity video.
The next presentation, citation management
will provide tools, methods, and
resources on how to properly give
credit to sources of information.
What are examples of academic dishonesty?
Chapter 2.
Examples of academic dishonesty.
Failure to properly cite sources,
even if it's from the Internet.
So, this means that you copied
information from the Internet,
partially copied information from
the Internet, used some of the words
from your Internet source, or used some
of the ideas from the Internet source.
Wrote it in your own words, but
you still did not give credit to
the Internet source that you used.
So basically you didn't follow the rules.
And you copy and pasted everything.
The problem here is that
you failed to cite.
Failure to cite means that you did not
give credit to the original
source that you used.
You still have to practice honesty and
let your reader know
that you used ideas or
information that were not your own.
Another example is using
an ungraded assignment.
So this means that you had
a homework assignment, or a project,
it was not submitted but you still used
the information from that assignment
for another project or another assignment.
You can't do this.
Why?
Because it's being dishonest in
how you gathered the information.
It was not intended for the original
assignment that you were supposed to
submit and you used information from
the course that you did not cite.
Another example of academic
dishonesty is when you
use information provided by
the instructor, such as your class notes,
your course textbook, or your journal
articles, without citing those sources.
So this might sound a little confusing,
because this is information that's
provided by your instructor, so
why would you need to cite that?
It's important because you must
give credit to your class notes,
the textbook because the ideas
outlined in the notes or
in your textbook, or any other
course materials are not your own.
Using information and presenting it
as your own in a homework submission
is violating an academic integrity policy.
You're being dishonest in how you
gathered information for your assignment.
So you must give credit to all
materials used for an assignment.
So how do you know when to cite,
or give credit to a source?
You do it always.
And how do you do it?
That's really important, and after this
video module you'll learn how to cite and
when to cite by Ellie Ransom
who works at the libraries.
And it's also important that if
you're unsure on how to cite or
when to cite,
you can always ask a librarian.
And so the librarians here
are Ellie Ransom and Jim.
Another example is when you use sources,
outside sources when you're
not permitted to do so.
So, you use information without
your instructor's permission,
even if you cited those sources, you have
violated an academic integrity policy,
because your instructor did not give
you permission to use outside sources.
Why is this a violation?
It is a violation because the instructor
wanted you to submit original work,
work that was truly your
own without outside help.
Professors will know if you
use outside information,
even if it's information that is
very obscure and hard to find, or
if it was a friend that
helped you with that problem.
Instructors would have tools, knowledge,
software, systems in place that can
help identify work that is not original.
Furthermore, instructors are well-read and
knowledgeable about
research in their field, so
if you copied a journal article or
pulled ideas from an Internet source or
copied parts of your friend's problem set,
the instructor will know that
it is not your own work.
So you should also note that
you can't use the Internet
unless you're explicitly
told that you're allowed.
If you search on the Internet,
it's considered cheating if you
have not been given permission.
Another example of academic dishonesty
is when you submit identical work.
Even if you are allowed to work in a group
but what was required was a unique
submission and you submitted something
that was identical to your collaborator.
So, what does this mean?
Why is this a problem?
By submitting identical work,
then you have violated not only the rules
of academic honesty, but you have
also violated the course guidelines
as instructed by your professor.
Even though you're allowed to work
together on an assignment or a group
research paper, in this case you are still
required to submit your own work.
So you still need permission
from the instructor.
What if you are allowed to submit one
assignment on behalf of the entire group?
What would happen?
For example, your instructor allows
you to submit one script of code or
one research paper on
behalf of your entire team.
Each team member takes
on the responsibility of
one part of that research paper or
scripts of code.
So you divide up the work.
What do you do?
How do you maintain academic integrity
while still working in a group together?
You make sure that as a group,
you review your assignment together,
that you give credit to all your sources,
and
that you have consistency
in your citation style.
Again, citation goes back to the word,
cite.
And by citation, I mean giving
credit to the original source.
And how you'll do that,
you'll learn in the next video module.
So this also means that your paper or
code is consistent in referencing
all sources of information.
And just because some parts were
referenced and others were not
does not mean that you have followed
all of the academic integrity rules.
So it's really important to
maintain consistency in how and
where you cite in your paper or
project or in your assignment.
So make sure that when you collaborate
you check your team member's work
because you will be found responsible for
an academic integrity violation if one of
your team members does not follow
the academic rules properly.
Another example is copying
another student's work or
allowing a student to copy your own.
Lending your assignment, or copying
another student's work is dishonest.
Don't send copies of your
assignment to other students.
Why is this a problem?
It is a problem because you
are dishonest about your work,
since it's not originally solved by you.
You're essentially breaking
the rules of academic integrity
by being dishonest in how you collected or
gathered your information.
Now we all want to help each other,
but as discussed in previous examples,
if you're not allowed by the instructor
to collaborate on an assignment or
an exam, then you cannot share
your original work with others.
Sharing your work and copying your
classmates process on how she or
he solved the problem is being dishonest.
Your process in solving a problem,
meaning how you arrived to your answer
conclusion, is uniquely your own.
Even if you are not the person who copied,
but you were the person who shared your
assignment, you would be found responsible
for violating an academic integrity rule.
This happens when students are running
out of time, and decide to email or
hand their homework to a classmate who
is having trouble with an assignment.
Bad idea, don't do it.
Other instances of copying
can happen during an exam.
Looking over a classmate's exam or
allowing another student to look at your
exam is a violation of academic integrity.
Again, if your instructor does not
give you permission to collaborate,
then you cannot help or
seek help from a classmate during an exam.
This means you cannot use the internet,
your mobile phone, class notes, or
any other materials that are not
permitted by the instructor.
If you're having trouble
with an assignment or
an exam, it is better to
partially complete the exam or
the assignment then to be caught
violating academic integrity policy.
Another example of academic
dishonesty would be
altering a grade or altering a graded
exam in an effort to regain points.
Attempting to change your grade on an exam
after you have received a grade or
telling the instructor that the exam was
graded incorrectly is being dishonest.
The instructor keeps
copies of graded exams.
Trying to gain a couple of extra points
will land you in a great deal of trouble.
Don't be foolish.
Another example is forging
another person's signature or
pretending to be someone else.
Some exams or assignments will require you
to sign a cover sheet to acknowledge that
all the work that you
submitted was your own.
Forging someone's signature is a bad idea.
Taking an exam for a friend and signing
it with their name is being dishonest.
You have violated an academic
integrity policy, and
it could jeopardize your entire career.
You would definitely be called in for
a dean's disciplinary hearing.
You will get reported.
So another example of academic dishonesty
is submitting the same
assignment in two different
courses without the permission
of both instructors.
So, this is called self-plagiarism.
In the next academic
integrity video requirement,
you will learn in more detail about
plagiarism and self plagiarism.
However, for this presentation,
we will focus on a case scenario to
illustrate the definition
of self-plagiarism.
So, as you can see right here,
for example.
It's a little cartoon, and
in this case, it's a student,
and the student forgot that they
have this big project to do.
And it's due, and
they're pressed for time.
And so the student's thinking,
hm, maybe I could use or
just re-use a project from last year.
So this would be called self-plagiarism,
this would mean that you
are being academically dishonest.
And why would this be wrong?
Why can't you use
a project from last year?
So we're gonna do a case scenario.
So for example,
you have two different courses.
One is in Solid Biomechanics,
the other is in Mechanics of Fluids.
The instructor in Mechanics
gives you an assignment
that is very similar to an assignment
in Mechanics of Fluids.
If you decide to submit your entire
homework or portions of the assignment
from Solid Biomechanics to your professor
who's teaching Mechanics of Fluids,
you would be committing
an academic integrity violation.
Why?
Because, the reason why it's
a violation of academic integrity,
is that the work that was submitted
was not originally intended for
Mechanics of Fluids.
The assignment was originally intended for
your Solid Biomechanics course.
So both instructors can report
you to the dean's office.
So, does this mean you can never
use materials from past or
con current research and/or courses?
No, you just need to ask
permission from both instructors.
And you would have to cite or
give credit to yourself and
reference your research that you
did in your previous course or
in the courses that you are taking.
So it's very important to ask
permission before you submit work
that you have previously
submitted in another course.
Faculty will know if you have not
submitted original work for their course.
Instructors are colleagues and
are aware of each other's courses.
So all you would need to do is ask for
permission and
properly cite your previous assignment.
This goes back to following
the instructor's course policies and
knowing the rules.
Please make sure to answer the questions
before you start Chapter 3.